add upgrade proposals to glossary (#1082)
urbit/docs: glossary/senate.md

category = "azimuth"
+++

The **Galactic Senate** is the body of all [galaxies](../galaxy) that governs
[Azimuth](../azimuth) by [majority vote](../voting). There are two types of

> votes: a [upgrade proposal](../upgrade), which is a motion to update the logic
> of Azimuth (i.e. [Ecliptic](../ecliptic)), and a [documentation
> vote](../docvote), which is a motion to legitimize or approve the content of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
votes: an [upgrade proposal](../upgrade), which is a motion to update the logic
of Azimuth (i.e. [Ecliptic](../ecliptic)), and a [document
proposal](../docvote), which is a motion to legitimize or approve the content of an
```
